Add Single Table Mapping for InfluxDB Timestream Connector (#23)
Bit-Quill/amazon-timestream-tools: integrations/influxdb_connector/influxdb-timestream-connector/README.md

<img src="./docs/img/influxdb_timestream_connector_lambda_function_arch.png" width=700/>

## Table Mapping

### Single-Table Multi-Measure

The following table shows how the connector maps line protocol elements to Timestream for LiveAnalytics record attributes when table mapping is set to single table.

| Line Protocol Element | Timestream Record Attribute |
|-----------------------|---------------------------|
| Timestamp             | Time                      |
| Tags                  | Dimensions                |
| Fields                | Measures                  |

> | Measurements          | Measure names              |

Reviewer: I think having measures, with named measure columns (like "season"), and a separate "measure_name" column is confusing. But if this is how Telegraf does it, let's use their solution.

Author: Is there any better alternative for single table multi measure? The only different from the multi-measure multi-table mapping is that the measure_name is the line protocol measure, rather than a table name.

Reviewer: I suppose the measurement name needs to be retained some way. I am okay with this implementation.

Single table mapping ingests all line protocol points ingested through the InfluxDB Timestream Connector to the table defined with the `single_table_name` environment variable. The `measure_name` in each Timestream record is derived from the line protocol measurement.

> The following example shows the translation of a two line protocol points into a Timestream for LiveAnalytics table, using a Timestamp with second precision and a `single_table_nam` Lambda environment variable configured to `influxdb-measures`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the translation of two line protocol points into a Timestream for LiveAnalytics table, using Timestamps with second precision and a `single_table_name` Lambda environment variable configured to `influxdb-measures`:
```

#### Line Protocol Points

```
cpu_load_short,host=server01,region=us-west value=0.64,average=1.24, 1725059274
weather,location=us-midwest,season=summer temperature=82.0,humidity=71.0 1706480990
```

#### Resulting influxdb-measures Timestream for LiveAnalytics Table

| host     | region  | measure_name     | time                          | value | average | location   | season | temperature | humidity |
|----------|---------|------------------|-------------------------------|-------|---------|------------|--------|-------------|----------|
| server01 | us-west | cpu_load_short   | 2024-08-30 23:07:54.000000000 | 0.64  | 1.24    |            |        |             |          |

> |          |         | weather          | 2024-01-22 26:07:33.000000000 | 0.64  | 1.24    | us-midwest | summer | 82.0        | 71.0     |

Reviewer: I don't see a `value` or `average` measure for the second line protocol point. Should this be changed?

Author: Yes, thanks for noticing.

A Timestream record's `measure_name` field is not derived from any element of ingested line protocol. Due to the multi-measure record translation, the connector sets the `measure_name` for each multi-measure record to the value of a Lambda environment variable. When [deployed as part of a CloudFormation stack](#aws-cloudformation-deployment), this can be customized by overriding the `MeasureNameForMultiMeasureRecords` parameter. When [deployed locally](#local-deployment), this can be customized by setting the `measure_name_for_multi_measure_records` environment variable.

> The following example shows the translation of a two line protocol point into two Timestream for LiveAnalytics tables, using a Timestamp with second precision and a Lambda environment variable configured to `influxdb-measure`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the translation of two line protocol points into two Timestream for LiveAnalytics tables, using Timestamps with second precision and a Lambda environment variable configured to `influxdb-measure`:
```

| `RestApiGatewayStageName` | The name to use for the REST API Gateway stage. | `dev` |
| `RestApiGatewayTimeoutInMillis` | The maximum number of milliseconds a REST API Gateway event will wait before timing out. | `30000` |
| `RustLog` | The log level to use for the Lambda function. Typical values are error, warn, info, debug, trace, and off. Use trace in order to log the execution time of each function. | `INFO` |

> | `SingleTableName` | Determines the table name for ingestionw hen table mapping is type single-table. | `influxdb-measures` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SingleTableName` | Determines the table name for ingestion when table mapping is type single-table. | `influxdb-measures` |
```

> | `TableMapping` | Determines wether to ingest all records to a single table or to multiple tables. | `single-table` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TableMapping` | Determines whether to ingest all records to a single table or to multiple tables. | `single-table` |
```
